So this was one of the examples that I showed earlier code to change the number of brogues bill page.
So we're out and on the hook change then that approach is there page.
By default they will command the shop page will display them brokes.
So what are going to see how you can make a change in the numbers who are going to to go back.
Or in this underscore what or when I call these when brokes the page what are going on Pascrell books
that filter in there who are these these low underscore shop on got fair wage.
So you can see this is really seeming up these days what no Chupke columns and these these little shop
or page what are going up as these function
and what have I said the priority of Duane.
So here for example we have these brokes and I'm going to brokes equals to let's say four and then we
read it on the brogues.
The amount of probes that we went to play in each page you can say these up and they're running again.
And then you can see every car on the floor brokes.
And we have these major will would generate these pager based on the amount of problems you got and
answer them on the probes that you're printing began to get onto and you can see the rest of the products
are really simple and really simple hook.
But sometimes their clients want to display behind images especially if they have Mile amounts of produce.
Maybe they went to these play for produce put a page in columns of two or something like that.
Now you have the coats to achieve something like that in wool combers.